Update Remote Attestation Terminology (#75)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

    email: Hannes.Tschofenig@gmx.net

normative:
  RFC9334:
informative:

>   I-D.ietf-rats-tpm-based-network-device-attest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Same as above

Identity proxy is an intermediary that can inspect, replace or augment workload identity and security context information. Identity proxy can be a capability of a transparent network service, such as a security gateway, or it can be implemented in a service performing explicit connection processing, such as an ingress gateway or a Content Delivery Network (CDN) service.

* Remote Attestation

> The term "attestation" is not explicitly defined in {{!RFC9334}} but was later clarified in {{?RFC9683}}. It refers to the process of generating and evaluating remote attestation Evidence.

Author: ```suggestion
The term "attestation", as defined in {{?RFC9683}}, refers to the process of generating and evaluating remote attestation Evidence. {{!RFC9334}} describes Evidence and the different communication patterns.
```
